# Internationalization

The framework default language is English.

The plugin text domain is `ev_framework` and the source file for strings translation, `ev_framework.pot`, is located under the plugin's `languages` folder.

You can generate a `.po` file from the provided `.pot` file, which can be edited with an application such as [Poedit](https://poedit.net/) that can produce the `.mo` file you need for the translation.

The `.po` file should be named as follows: `ev_framework-$language_code.po`.

After generating the `ev_framework-$language_code.mo` file, you should put it in the `wp-content/languages/plugins` folder of your WordPress installation.

*If a translation is already included in the framework package, that translation will have precedence over the one located under `wp-content/languages/plugins`.*

Unless you're already using a localized version of the software, in order for the translation to be active, you must download the relative WordPress language pack by selecting a particular language in "General" > "Settings" > "Site language" option, and save the settings.

## Updating the translation

Following an update to the framework, new strings could be introduced in the code base that need translation.

To update an existing translation, the `.po` file must be regenerated from the provided updated `.pot` file. This operation won't alter previously translated strings.

## Contributing to translation

Contributions to the framework translation are more than welcome. If you want to make yourself available for translation into a particular language, please [get in touch](https://github.com/Justevolve/evolve-framework)!